# 4.2.1 Developers

There are 2 tiers of developers, namely basic and advanced, described as follows.

**Basic Developer**

The Primary objective of a basic developer is to make a web2 game accessible to all devices via ParaWare. They will first deploy the web2 game on ParaWare, and do all the necessary Input Device Profile (IDP) configuration, testing, optimization, and tweaking to ensure that their game runs smoothly on all target devices. At this stage, the ParaWare-enabled Web2 game simply uses Web3 for cloud usage accounting and payment. For example, individual users can buy PWC tokens to play the web3 enabled game on any device. Moreover, basic developers can optionally pre-pay for cloud usage, e.g., they could sponsor the first 1000 hours of cloud usage of their game on ParaWare to encourage user adoption; beyond the 1000 hours, individual players will have to fork out cash to buy PWC tokens to pay for additional cloud playtime. Other incentives like those of Axie Infinity are also possible if the game is web3 aware, e.g., reward winners with PWC tokens, which brings us to the next tier of Advanced Developer.

**Advanced Developer**

The advanced developer will modify or make their game fully web3 aware, so as to fully utilize the latter’s benefits including NFT entities (players, items, rewards), and play2earn economics. Legacy web2 games are unlikely to be fully web3 compatible, thus the advanced developer can make use of ParaWare’s web3 capabilities to perform active user tally, social networking, and other activities.

Third-party or non-game developers can offer additional web3 API and/or B2C and B2B services such as search, recommendation, billboard, indexes, player rankings, guild programs, competitions, live-streaming, events, etc. These services will also run on PlayStream nodes, but would cost less (PWC) since they are unlikely to require GPU or video streaming.

Developers can pre-pay miners to host their games and services, allowing end-users free-to-play for a limited time. This bootstraps the adoption of the game/services/api’s. Well-established games or services can gradually evolve into a pay-per-use setup (end-user paying for the services out-of-pocket), with free-to-play making up just a small fraction of the total.
