# 5.1.2 Faked QoS

Suppose a legitimate miner provides sub-par game streaming services to a player, can he/she mask the poor performance by swapping out the poor stats with faked data? Lets examine this scenario.

The QoS is computed at the player end, which depends on a variety of factors on both provider and consumer sides. On the player side, the QoS is affected by the player’s network bandwidth, latency, stability, and device state (available compute power). Likewise, on the provider side, it is determined by the provider’s network bandwidth, latency, stability, and VM state. We penalize the provider for QoS issues arising from his network and machine. This can be evaluated from the following logs:

* Network QoS:
  * Ping latency logs from player to provider
  * Ping latency logs from provider to player
* Software QoS
  * Player control (input) logs

Software QoS is hard to determine without direct API access to the underlying application. A statistical approach can be used as follows.

Record player controls timestamp logs. Do this for all players of the same game. Apply NLP (Natural Language Processing) transformer models to the sequence of player controls, treating each control like a word in NLP, and determine the common sequences for the game/player. Compare the 25%, 50%, 75% percentile time for the top K sequences of the game. If the 50% percentile of a player control logs is consistently different (long gaps signify longer network delays, short gaps indicate frustration on the player side) from the typical values, then QoS is breached.
