# 1.3 Blockchain and Web 3.0

One key feature of blockchain is immutability, which means that once a transaction is sealed into the distributed ledger, it cannot be altered. As such, blockchains are especially suitable for tracking and storing transaction records that are indisputable and trustable. Other features of the blockchain include decentralization, consensus mechanism, crowd-validated and trusted transactions, and crypto security. In this section, we will only describe the blockchain features relevant to ParaWare.

The consensus mechanisms of blockchains are designed to serve various purposes. For example, Proof of Work (PoW) is used by major blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum to ensure that each block is sealed by a random miner, thereby preventing data collusion. IPFS's Proof of Replication (PoRep), which is also used by ParaWare, ensures that a miner is actually storing a piece of useful data.

PoW lets any number of miners take a shot at selecting its own set of transactions and solving the associated hash problem. The successful miner who solves the crypto hash problem (on his selected set of transactions) earns the right to seal the block. Once the block is sealed, it is broadcasted to all miners to validate. Once more than 50% of all miners have validated the sealed block, a new round of select-transaction-and-solve-hash-problem starts. The preset time for a new block generation is 10 minutes for Bitcoin and 15 seconds for Ethereum.

Proof of Stake (PoS) is a controversial mechanism that delegates the distributed ledger validation rights to a small group of ultra-rich token owners. To gain the right to validate a transaction, a miner must own and stake a large amount of tokens on his node. Compared to PoW, PoS concentrates the power of validation into a small pool of high-stake nodes, controlled by a small group of people instead of everyone.

Web 3.0 (abbreviated henceforth as Web3), which uses blockchain as the underlying infrastructure, is the next big thing after mobile Internet, as it returns data to its rightful owners. For example, instead of major Internet monopolies like Google and Instagram owning all your email/chat communications and social media postings, you own and control all data you created, including the ad revenues arising from all your data. That is the goal of Web3. We strongly believe that every Internet service will eventually migrate to Web3, as the latter makes the world a fairer place.





