# 2.2 ParaWare’s Solution

ParaWare aims to address all 3 vertices of the impossible triangle by harnessing the idle GPU power of the masses to run AAA games on-demand by streaming the game play to any device connected to the Internet. Think of ParaWare as the airbnb for idle GPU-owners (homes) and players (lodgers), with Web3 as the fair and transparent mechanism to incentivize usage. Specifically, miners contribute their GPU’s to host AAA games, and players enjoy AAA graphics games on their average device. Players simply pay Miners with PWC (ParaWare Coins) on a per usage basis, akin to Airbnb lodgers paying daily rent to the home owners.

The following summarizes how ParaWare addresses all 3 vertices of the impossible triangle of Figure 1. More details are described in Section 3.

1. AAA 3D graphics
   1. Anyone with idle GPU’s sitting around can install ParaWare’s hosting software to become a ParaWare Miner
   2. Each Game/App display is video streamed to the player device while player/user controls are sent to the server, all in real time with 50ms latency.
2. Any Device
   1. Instant Play with No Downloads\[2]
   2. Multi-device real-time view and control of a single running Game/App from any device.
3. Low-cost Delivery
   1. Web3 bidding mechanism is used to source for the cheapest possible GPU meeting a certain SLA (Service Level Agreement) to host the game.
   2. Web3 storage takes care of game data in a safe and portable manner. Upon conclusion of the service, the game state will be stored in IPFS (Inter Planetary File System) and ready to be resumed anywhere, even on another device owned by the same player. This is akin to game emulators like MAME saving the game state for instant replay.





