# 2.3 Target Market

The primary driver for cloud gaming is the expansion of faster network - 5G cellular networks. 5G provides incredible bandwidth at ultra-low latency, which allows heavy-duty number crunching tasks such as AI or 3D rendering to be done at the cloud/server side. The server side computation can be done with such latency that it remains largely unnoticeable to the consumer save for the very competitive genres of shoot-em-up games.

The introduction of iPhone back in 2007 started a 15 year trend of shifting computing power from the server/cloud to the edge (client devices). The recent emergence of 5G low latency networks is gradually reversing that trend. Cloud gaming rides on this reversal, which moves the game from the client device to the cloud, i.e., the actual game runs in the cloud, with players seeing video streaming of the game screen, and sending controls at 50ms delay to the cloud.

Cloud gaming delivers real time play experience to different gaming devices while maintaining the player state. Users are able to play their favourite game anywhere, any time using a variety of gaming devices. Mobile device, a small, high mobility device with excellent cellular connection - 5G able to fulfil gamers’ dream. The rise of cloud gaming is irreversible and especially when combined with Web3 technology, which reduces the cost substantially.

An unprecedented gaming experience awaits the future gamer with cloud gaming. Thus, global cloud gaming is the target market of ParaWare.





