# 3.2 Any Device

In theory, PlayStream will work with any network-connected client device capable of 1080p 60 FPS video streaming. In practice, development and testing is needed for the following two components

1. ParaWare Client App. A lightweight client that exchanges data with the VM as follows:
   1. receives data
      1. Audio-video stream data
      2. force feedback data (for controller vibration) via virtual USB/bluetooth
      3. (optional) Game API data
   2. sends data
      1. control signals
      2. orientation data (for VR headgear)
      3. positional data (for VR walker and conveyor belt etc.)
      4. sensory data
2. IDP - Input Device profile. This profile must be created for each and every input device category (keyboard, mouse, touch pad/screen, controller pad, joystick, gyroscope, accelerometer), which translates/maps/transforms the controller input device signals to the virtual app’s input ports.

Achieving a decent playable input map is not a trivial task as it involves tuning the various parameters often times of a blackbox (the app). Without low level access to the App’s I/O stream, it requires extensive testing to extract a useable translation/mapping. This is especially true for mapping/translating a smart phone’s gestures, e.g., directional control, to the corresponding keystroke/s of a PC game that leads to smooth and intuitive game play.

Ideally, if the App/Game developer is willing to open up their game API to PlayStream, substantial time-savings can be achieved. Likewise, the PlayStream client can receive hints from the game API on when to hide/show onscreen control pad, when playing a PC game on a mobile device.

Moreover, the aforementioned non-trivial customization effort still pales in comparison to the full porting of one game to another platform, e.g., porting PC based Genshin to OSX. The net savings in development effort brought about by PlayStream will still be 90% or more.
